NEP: Add paragraph to NEP 41 about no array-object use and fix links (#15834)
numpy/numpy: doc/neps/nep-0041-improved-dtype-support.rst

   as much as possible. The public API should be an identical, but limited,
   version of the C-API used for the internal NumPy datatypes.

The datatype system may be targeted to work with NumPy arrays,

> for example by providing strided-loops, but should avoid using the array-object.

Reviewer: Not sure if this clarification is needed, but...
```suggestion
for example by providing strided-loops, but should avoid direct interactions with the array-object (typically `np.ndarray` instances).
```

Author: Can't hurt, thanks!

> for example by providing strided-loops, but should avoid direct interactions with the array-object (typically `np.ndarray` instances).

Author: ```suggestion
for example by providing strided-loops, but should avoid direct
interactions with the array-object (typically `np.ndarray` instances).
```
